Made the local serving instructions a little more clear (#802)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: README.md

**Clone the source code, build, and serve:**

> 3. Clone this repository `git clone "your fork of the repo"` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fork this repository and clone it `git clone https://github.com/< your fork of this repository >` 
```
Maybe we make it just a little bit more clear

> 3. Clone this repository `git clone https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Guide.git` 

Reviewer: I think this is only applicable to people who have direct commit access. Most editors will be working from their own fork of the Guide and therefore a different URI for the repo.

Reviewer: I mean, sure, if I followed this instructions, it would absolutely work. But presumably if they are running a local copy of the Guide, they want to make edits and commits, which would require a fork.

Author: Good point!
